Dad, this is the genius doctor found by Xufeng
He is the man we passed by.
little brother
This is the second time you've saved my life
From now on
You are the eldest son of my Su family
As long as you speak
My Su family can do it
He never refuses
Mr. Su is polite
Just a little effort
Sun Zhengyi
Your medical skills are not as good as those of our little girls
Simply rubbish
My friend's name is Miao Shen Doctor
She is the saint of the Miao Jiang family
superb medical skills
There is a temple in the world
Master, you have flattered me
It is the honor of the holy doctor to relieve your worries
If it's okay, go back first
My mother's surgery still requires more preparation from you
Yes
Hey, Shen Yi, wait for me.
Hey Shen Yi
Little brother hasn't asked you what your name is yet?
My name is Xu Feng
You are Xu Feng